---
title: "List of PPE Resources"
date: 2020-04-19
draft: false
# page title background image
bg_image: "images/campaigns/mask-box.jpg"
# meta description
description : ""
# Research image
image: "images/campaigns/mask-box.jpg"
# type
type: "ppe"
---

#### Please find below a comprehensive list of PPE resources including (click to jump to section):

-  [**General Resources**](#general-resources)

-  [**National Organizations**](#national-organizations)

-  [**MA Organizations**](#massachusetts-organizations)

-  [**PPE Advocacy**](#advocacy-efforts)

-  [**PPE Articles**](#articles)

-  [**Mask Innovation**](#mask-innovation)

## General Resources

---

#### Massachusetts PPE Coordination Effort: Collaborative Resource

Massachusetts hospital donation information, PPE buyers, PPE vendors,
and business outreach as a collaborative resource. With the goal of
decreasing duplication of efforts.

https://tinyurl.com/MassPPE

#### PPE Burn Rate Calculator

http://www.ppeburnratecalc.com/

## National Organizations

---

#### GetusPPE

Working to build a national, centralized platform to enable communities
to get PPE to healthcare providers on the frontlines of the COVID-19
pandemic.

https://getusppe.org/

#### MedSupplyDrive

Organizing a national volunteer system for mobilizing supplies and
getting them to hospitals. Started by Georgetown University Medical
Students.

https://www.medicalsupplydrive.com/

Boston Contacts MedSupplyDrive:

[h.b.lead\@gmail.com](mailto:h.b.lead@gmail.com) and
[jaegyeong.lee\@simmons.edu](mailto:jaegyeong.lee@simmons.edu)

#### Mission for Masks

Group that is faciliating donations from an importing company that is
bringing in a million masks and other PPE equipment per week.

Contact:
[missionformasks\@gmail.com](mailto:missionformasks@gmail.com)

#### artners in Health StopCOVID

Donate or buy PPE:
[LINK](https://donate.pih.org/page/contribute/stopcovid-protect-heroes?utm_medium=email&utm_source=pih&utm_content=8+-+httpsdonatepihorgpagecontributestopcovid&utm_campaign=20200324_EM100_glb_em_StopCOVID_fnd_PPE20_donation_1_A_cg&source=20200324_EM100_glb_em_StopCOVID_fnd_PPE20_donation_1_A_cg)

#### GetPPE

Get PPE's mission is to connect the requests from those in need with the
helpers who have the equipment, skills, and materials to offset that
gap.

[https://www.getppe.org/find/](https://www.getppe.org/find/)

#### Donate PPE

Helping to facilitate donations throughout the US.

https://www.donateppe.org/

#### Students4COVID

Working to create database for various vendors and suppliers can use.

Contact:
[students4covid\@gmail.com](mailto:students4covid@gmail.com)

#### Wuhan Task Force

Coverage in:

[Harvard Business School](https://www.alumni.hbs.edu/stories/Pages/story-bulletin.aspx?num=7263&fbclid=IwAR3C6ZeNWPyMRufA2FFlNMTv816mPOmFffI_njqAHwF9DR7It5K6fr8KFMk)

[TIME Magazine](https://time.com/5789530/wuhan-volunteers-coronavirus-covid-19-china/?fbclid=IwAR1bmFQjhmBkDv7xkaRUjw0gTgjg0KQjJu-b88HQcZja4fk\_f9G-WV8Z5CM)

[Wuhantaskforce\@gmail.com](mailto:Wuhantaskforce\@gmail.com)

#### Health4theWorld

Project to create an international database of PPE suppliers. founder,
Dr. Bhavya Rehani

Contact:
[francis.wright\@ucsf.edu](mailto:francis.wright@ucsf.edu)

#### Face2Face

[https://face2facemasks.org/](https://face2facemasks.org/)

[https://vimeo.com/407739014](https://vimeo.com/407739014)

#### GogglesforDocs

https://gogglesfordocs.com/

## Massachusetts Organizations

---

#### Massachusetts PPE Coordination Effort

https://tinyurl.com/MassPPE

#### MEMA COVID-19 Donation and Procurement Program

If there is PPE that you or businesses in your district would like to
donate to front-line workers, MEMA is asking donation.

Contact: [donationsdeskmema\@gmail.com](mailto:donationsdeskmema\@gmail.com); 508-820-2074

Donation: https://www.mass.gov/forms/covid-19-donation-program

Procurement: https://www.mass.gov/forms/covid-19-procurement-program

#### HMS PPE Shortage Initiative

[[https://covidstudentresponse.org/campaigns/ppe/](/campaigns/ppe/)

#### Students vs. Pandemics

Harvard Kennedy School working to address PPE needs, among other
COVID-19 efforts.

PPE Contact: [kiwiflorido\@g.harvard.edu](kiwiflorido\@g.harvard.edu)

#### Mask Transit (NY and Boston)

Mask Transit is a medical student and volunteer run organization started
in New York City and Boston. Our goal is to mobilize masks to our most
vulnerable community members, who are at the highest risk of acquiring
COVID-19. Boston has not yet reached its peak , so we hope that by
getting these masks out as fast as we can, we can help in flattening the
curve. Our hope is that these masks will serve as valuable tools in
decreasing the number of new infections while simultaneously decreasing
the burden on the healthcare system.

Contact: [masktransit\@gmail.com](mailto:masktransit\@gmail.com)

GoFundMe at: [gf.me/u/xwkryw](http://gf.me/u/xwkryw)

Sign up:
[https://tinyurl.com/t8xys2q](https://tinyurl.com/t8xys2q).

#### City of Boston's COVID-19 PPE Donation form

https://www.bostoncares.org/bostoncovid19volunteers

[Link to
form](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__bostonopendata.knack.com_covid-2D19-2Ddonation-2Dintake-2Dform-23home_&d=DwMFaQ&c=WO-RGvefibhHBZq3fL85hQ&r=68b1dK-Gpe70MwkthrWGtrTwEuzqdjgO_4Xf-HJa1ls&m=HPYBGxM1Dy17elAJzBtRqqW-FR9Z1RZSpbOVz7K-0YA&s=hCdzjTc8V9fhZ8Cs9qfTgPtNIAtcq5MfCyPYXs6-8g8&e=)

Contact: [volunteer\@bphc.org](mailto:volunteer\@bphc.org)

#### HBS COVID 19 Group

[https://www.communityvs.org/mbas](https://www.communityvs.org/mbas)

Add a project:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vlVqp1KDAnrOw5INJEzqADRJrM0RXuzkJ66KJ5b5tRw/edit?usp=sharing

Contact: Sarika Mendu: [smendu\@mba2020.hbs.edu](mailto:smendu\@mba2020.hbs.edu) Amina Edwards:
[aedwards\@mba2020.hbs.edu](mailto:aedwards\@mba2020.hbs.edu)

#### BUSM PPE Collection

[BMCneedPPE\@gmail.com](mailto:BMCneedPPE\@gmail.com)

#### BIDMC requesting Ipad Donations

If you would like do donate, we are currently accepting: New or Used
iPads: Size: iPad mini devices or larger, Operating System: iOS 9.0 or
later, Any accompanying protective cases are appreciated, Unfortunately
we cannot accept Androids or Kindles Before donation, the device should
be cleaned, reset (click here for instructions), and placed in a zip
lock bag if possible with a viable power chord. Please make sure it is
accompanied with the original donor\'s contact information (phone number
and home address). Donations can be dropped off in the lobby of Deac
301A between 7a-4p, Monday-Friday, now through April 30th. They can also
be mailed to: **Attn: Tyler Trahan, Internal Medicine Residency, Deaconess
311, 330 Brookline Ave, Boson, MA 02215. Contact: 313-539-3309.**

#### Corona Virus Project

On this website hospital and direct care centers can post needs they
have for supplies, resources and labor that can be done at home.

[https://pbiandbc.com/](https://pbiandbc.com/)

## Advocacy Efforts

---

#### Move On Petition

[https://tinyurl.com/moveonppe](https://tinyurl.com/moveonppe)

[https://sign.moveon.org/petitions/covid19-we-need-more-personal-protective-equipment](https://sign.moveon.org/petitions/covid19-we-need-more-personal-protective-equipment)

#### Get Me PPE

[https://www.getmeppe.org/](https://www.getmeppe.org/)

#### MA HHS Request for Masks

[https://tinyurl.com/massletter](https://tinyurl.com/massletter)

[Request for masks](https://mcusercontent.com/b6fca240156200bca3e026661/files/b1d33cce-ee45-4895-a178-3b37805bc08a/MA_HHS_Request_for_Masks.pdf)

#### PPE for All

[PPE for All website](https://sites.google.com/view/mghcovidequity/current-advocacy-needs/ppe-for-all?authuser=0)

#### PPE Mandate Letter to DPH and HHS

[Link](bit.ly/PPEMANDATE)

Contact:
[Yisi\_Ji\@hms.harvard.edu](mailto:Yisi_Ji@hms.harvard.edu)

## Articles

---

[**NEJM: Critical Supply Shortages - Need for PPE**](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2006141)

[**Ariadne Labs: Conserving Personal Protective Equipment**](https://www.ariadnelabs.org/resources/articles/news/recommendations-for-ppe-conservation/)

[**Fast Company Article: The Untold Story of the N95 Mask**](https://www.fastcompany.com/90479846/the-untold-origin-story-of-the-n95-mask?partner=rss&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss&utm_medium=feed&utm_source=rss)

## Mask Innovation

---

[**List of biotech companies producing PPE found under PPE vendors tab**](https://tinyurl.com/MassPPE)

[**Mass General Brigham Center for COVID Innovation**]([https://covidinnovation.partners.org/virtual-town-hall/)


**Partners Face Shield Pilot Study:** [shyu\@partners.org](mailto:shyu@partners.org)

**Isinova**

Italian method for using a commercial scuba mask with 3D-printed
connectors (.stl, .dwg, .step download for free on website) to create
CPAP/ventilator masks for patients. Designed to be connected to a CPAP
machine or ventilator.

https://www.isinnova.it/easy-covid19-eng/

[**MIT Emergency ventilator project**]([https://e-vent.mit.edu/?fbclid=IwAR25pX20cSqyqRx4dyOxUOJI3X9GqFXZ49Gvr4cJCYzOhx2HofRGsjYJfsI)

**CoVent-19 Challenge (Ventilator Creation)**

An open innovation effort to design a rapidly deployable mechanical
ventilator with the ultimate goal of flattening the curve. Looking for
engineers, elevators, designers, and those with business expertise
looking to become involved.

[https://www.coventchallenge.com/](https://www.coventchallenge.com/)

**3D Corps**

A group adapting scuba masks with filters to be reusable via bleach.

[dcltdw\@gmail.com](mailto:dcltdw@gmail.com)                                                      

#### Hand Made Masks

[**DIY Mask Guide**](/resources/mask-making)

[**Comprehensive list of hospitals accepting hand made masks**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12a5YO0Z9RpHZk9Zkzl4NOj9CbjzhFfoKjPLFFC-21LU/edit)